Add KCC 2021 contest article (#5562)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Contests/KCC/1/en.md

---
tags:
  - KCC2021
  - KCC 2021
---

> # KCC 2021

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Korean Charting Contest 2021
```

> ![KCC2021 Logo](img/banner.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![KCC2021 banner](img/banner.png)
```

> The **Korean Charting Contest 2021** (***KCC2021***) is a osu!mania mapping contest for Koreans.  This edition was the first installment of the KCC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Korean Charting Contest 2021** (***KCC2021***) is a osu!mania mapping contest for users from ![][flag_KR] South Korea.  It was the first installment of the Korean Charting Contest.
```

## Contest schedule

> | Event | Timestamp (UTC +9) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Event | Timestamp (UTC+09) |
```

| --: | :-- |

> | Registration Phase, Songs Voting | 2021-02-01/2021-02-07 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Registration phase, song voting | 2021-02-01/2021-02-07 |
```

> | Submitting Phase | 2021-02-08/2021-03-07 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Submission phase | 2021-02-08/2021-03-07 |
```

> | Judging Phase | 2021-03-08/2021-03-21 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Judging phase | 2021-03-08/2021-03-21 |
```

> | Results Announcement | 2021-03-22 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Results announcement | 2021-03-22 |
```

## Ruleset

### Contest rules

- This contest is for osu!mania mode only.

> - Only Koreans can participate in this contest. If your profile flag is not showing that you're in Korea because of some reasons like foreign residence, you can still participate as long as you're able to verify that you are Korean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only Koreans can participate in this contest. If your profile flag is not showing that you're in ![][flag_KR] South Korea for reasons like foreign residence, you can still participate as long as you're able to verify that you are Korean.
```

> - You should pick a song that you want to map when you register. one song for Instrumental / Vocal each. You can map one of the two songs selected after the vote ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You should pick a song that you want to map when you register (one song for Instrumental / Vocal each). You can map one of those two songs after the voting ends.
```

- Submission must be loadable and readable by osu! client.

> - Submission must be in ``.osz`` format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Submission must be in `.osz` format.
```

> - Submission must be loadable and readable by osu! client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The osu! client must be able to load and read your submission.
```

- Custom hitsounds are allowed.
- Title, Artist, MP3, Source, Tags and Background must NOT be modified. However, preview point can be customized.

> - No video, skin and storyboard are allowed. However, storyboard hitsounds are allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Videos, skins and storyboards are NOT allowed. However, storyboard hitsounds can be modified.
```

- Submission must be 4K ~ 9K.

> - Submission must be full comboed (1,000,000 score) by Auto mod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Auto mod must be able to full combo (1,000,000 score) your submission.
```

> - Submission must be finished by the contestant only. No collaboration is allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Submission must be finished by the contestant alone. No collaboration is allowed.
```

- Submission must not be uploaded to the osu! website through the Beatmap Submission System (BSS). All contest submissions are anonymous during the judging phases to avoid bias. 

> - One and only one difficulty is allowed. If multiple difficulties are submitted, only the one with the highest star difficulty will be accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only one beatmap difficulty is allowed. If multiple difficulties are submitted, then the one with the highest star difficulty will be accepted.
```

> - Only the following difficulty are allowed: Insane or Higher. Please check the Difficulty-specific Rule in the [ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only the following difficulties are allowed: Insane or higher. Please check the difficulty-specific rules in the [ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria).
```

> - If you submit several maps, the last one would be your final entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you submit several maps, the last one will be your final entry.
```

> - Submitting entries means understanding and agreeing the ruleset above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Submitting entries means understanding and agreement to the ruleset above.
```

## Song list

### Instrumental

- cYsmix - Moonlight Sonata (3:24) / 128bpm
- Frums - Turnstile Jumper (2:37) / 321bpm
- onumi - DESIRE (2:28) / 209bpm
- Sakuzyo - First Dance (3:12) / 116bpm
- **Zekk - Kaleidoscope (2:11) / 155bpm**

### Vocal

- Alice Schach and the Magic Orchestra - Chocolate Missile (2:57) / 175bpm
- HyuN - Last Paradise (feat. Serentium) (2:42) / 89bpm
- Memme - Geurida (2:45) / 180bpm
- mk feat.橘花音 - Awaking Beat-From the next generation- (3:51) / 178bpm
- **YUC'e - Sengoku HOP (3:25) / 110bpm**

### Vote results

> ![KCC2021 Vote Results](img/voteresult.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![KCC2021 voting results](img/voteresult.jpg)
```

> ## Judging Criteria

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Judging criteria
```
should be a part of `Ruleset`

> For each eligible submitted difficulty, the juding panel will award points based on the following criteria:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For each eligible submitted difficulty, the judging panel will award points based on the following criteria:
```

> - **Expertise (25 pts):** How well does the submission demonstrate techniques regarding structure, music representation, flow, hitsounding, etc?
> - **Cohesion (25 pts):** How consistent is the submission regarding structure, music representation, flow, hitsounding etc especially between different sections?
> - **Creativity (25 pts):** How well does the submission show originality and uniqueness compared with the other submissions with reasonable respect to the playability?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Expertise (25 pts):** How well does the submission demonstrate techniques regarding structure, music representation, flow, hitsounding, etc.
- **Cohesion (25 pts):** How consistent is the submission regarding structure, music representation, flow, hitsounding etc especially between different sections.
- **Creativity (25 pts):** How well does the submission show originality and uniqueness compared with the other submissions with reasonable respect to the playability.
```

> - **Expertise (25 pts):** How well does the submission demonstrate techniques regarding structure, music representation, flow, hitsounding, etc.
> - **Cohesion (25 pts):** How consistent is the submission regarding structure, music representation, flow, hitsounding etc especially between different sections.
> - **Creativity (25 pts):** How well does the submission show originality and uniqueness compared with the other submissions with reasonable respect to the playability.
> - **Judge's Impression (25 pts):** This is the part of the score left to the Judges’ personal preferences on the submission.

Reviewer 2: These are formed as questions, but don't have question marks, although I think they're more appropriate as statements.

```suggestion
- **Expertise (25 pts):** How well the submission demonstrates techniques regarding structure, music representation, flow, hitsounding, etc.
- **Cohesion (25 pts):** How consistent the submission is regarding structure, music representation, flow, hitsounding etc especially between different sections.
- **Creativity (25 pts):** How well the submission shows originality and uniqueness compared with the other submissions with reasonable respect to the playability.
- **Judge's Impression (25 pts):** This is the part of the score left to the Judges' personal preferences on the submission.
```

## Prizes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |

> | ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | 40,000 KRW, profile badge |
> | ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 20,000 KRW |
> | ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 10,000 KRW |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | 40,000 KRW, profile badge |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 20,000 KRW |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 10,000 KRW |
```

> ![KCC2021 Badge](img/badge.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![KCC2021 badge](img/badge.png)
```

## Organisation

| Position | Member(s) |
| :-- | :-- |

> | Organizer | ![][flag_KR] [Garalulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/757783) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Organiser | ![][flag_KR] [Garalulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/757783) |
```

| Manager | ![][flag_KR] [Oni Suika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4848023) |
| Designer | ![][flag_KR] [POCARI SWEAT](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5082685) |
| Judge | ![][flag_PL] [_underjoy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6392061), ![][flag_KR] [Garalulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/757783), ![][flag_GT] [Hoto Cocoa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6974536), ![][flag_KR] [Kawawa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754), ![][flag_KR] [Pengdoll](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6392061) |

## Results

| Place | Mapper |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | ![][flag_KR] [11Bit](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14804526) |
| ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | ![][flag_KR] [Sherie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9113475) |
| ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | ![][flag_CA] [arpia97](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6363008) |

## Links

- [Forum thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1230057)

> - [Results Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O0Ygpning0te62S850M42oPo0lCYd1Ct8VeYnAWRcYE/edit?usp=sharing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Results sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O0Ygpning0te62S850M42oPo0lCYd1Ct8VeYnAWRcYE/edit?usp=sharing)
```

> - [All Entries](https://lulu.s-ul.eu/D2M3x9LH)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Entries](https://lulu.s-ul.eu/D2M3x9LH)
```
